Add documentation for recommendation time (#81)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/content/en/concepts/_index.md

[Actions]({{<ref "reference/pod#actions">}}) are the set of actions the Spice.ai runtime can recommend for a pod.

### Recommendations

> After a pod has been trained, it will return intelligent [recommendations]({{<ref "concepts/recommendations">}}) which identify an action to take at a particular time. By default a recommendation will use the latest data available to recommend an action.

Author: ```suggestion
After a pod has been trained, it will return intelligent [recommendations]({{<ref "concepts/recommendations">}}) which identifies an action to take at a particular time. By default, a recommendation will use the last ingested observation to recommend an action.
```

> After a pod has been trained, it will return intelligent [recommendations]({{<ref "concepts/recommendations">}}) which identifies an action to take at a particular time. By default, a recommendation will use the last ingested observation to recommend an action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To intelligently adapt its behavior, an application should query the Spice.ai runtime for which [action]({{<ref "reference/pod#actions">}}) it recommends to take given a specified time. The result of this query is a [recommendation]({{<ref "concepts/recommendations">}}).

If a time is not specified, the resulting recommendation query time will default to the time of the most recently ingested observation.
```
